NAS-102085: Rewrite Replication Wizard documentation (#1545)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/tasks.rst

and simplifies many replication settings. To see all possible
:ref:`replication creation options <Advanced Replication Creation>`,
click :guilabel:`ADVANCED REPLICATION CREATION`. Using the wizard to
create a new replication task begins by defining what is being
replicated and where. Choosing *On a Different System* for either the
:guilabel:`Sources Datasets` or :guilabel:`Destination Dataset` requires
an :ref:`SSH Connection <SSH Connections>` to the remote system. Open
the drop-down menu to choose a previously configured connection or click
*Create New* to open a dialog for configuring an SSH connection.

Start by defining the :guilabel:`Source Datasets` to be replicated.
Choose the location of the datasets, *On this System* or
*On a Different System*. Use the dataset browser to select each dataset
to include in the replication task. There is also a
:guilabel:`Recursive` option to include child datasets with the selected
datasets.

Source datasets on a remote system need a configured
:ref:`Periodic Snapshot task <Periodic Snapshot Tasks>` or the dataset
snapshots must be manually selected by setting
:guilabel:`Replicate Custom Snapshots` and entering a snapshot

> :guilabel:`Naming Schema`. The schema is the name and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Naming Schema`. The schema is a pattern of the name and
```

`strftime(3) <https://www.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi?query=strftime>`__

> *%Y*, *%m*, *%d*, *%H*, and *%M* strings that match the snapshots to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*%Y*, *%m*, *%d*, *%H*, and *%M* strings that match the names of the snapshots to
```

include in the replication. The number of matching snapshots is shown.

> Now configure the :guilabel:`Destination Dataset`. Define the location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now choose the :guilabel:`Destination Dataset` to receive the replicated snapshots.
```

> of the dataset and use the dataset browser to select the storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> location for replicated snapshots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Using an SSH connection for replication adds the
:guilabel:`SSH Transfer Security` option. This sets the data transfer
security level. The connection is authenticated with SSH, then data can
either be encrypted during transfer to maximize protection or left
unencrypted to maximize transfer speed. **WARNING:** Transferring data

> without encryption is only recommended for secure networks.

Reviewer: We flipped this warning around in the tooltip, I think.

A suggested replication :guilabel:`Task Name` is shown. This can be

> overwritten, but be sure to enter a unique name for the task. When the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
modified to give a more meaningful name to the task. When the
```

> source and destination have been configured, click :guilabel:`NEXT` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
source and destination have been set, click :guilabel:`NEXT` to
```

> configure when the replication runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
choose when the replication will run.
```

.. _tasks_replication_wizard_screen2_fig:

.. figure:: images/tasks-replication-add-wizard-step2.png

   Replication Wizard: When

The replication task can be configured to run on a schedule or left

> unscheduled and only run when manually activated. Choosing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unscheduled and manually activated. Choosing
```

snapshots are deleted from the destination system:

 * *Same as Source*: duplicate the configured *Snapshot Lifetime*
   value from the source dataset
   :ref:`periodic snapshot task <Periodic Snapshot Tasks>`.

 * *Never Delete*: never delete snapshots from the destination system.

 * *Custom*: define how long a snapshot remains on the destination
   system. Enter a number and choose a measure of time from the
   drop-down menus.

Clicking :guilabel:`START REPLICATION` saves the replication
configuration and activates the schedule. When the replication
configuration includes a source dataset on the local system and has a
schedule, a :ref:`periodic snapshot task <Periodic Snapshot Tasks>` of
that dataset is also created.

Created replication tasks are displayed in
:menuselection:`Tasks --> Replication Tasks`.
The task settings that are shown by default can be adjusted by opening
the :guilabel:`COLUMNS` drop-down. To see more details about the last
time the replication task ran, click the entry under the
:guilabel:`State` column. Tasks can also be expanded by clicking
|ui-chevron-right| for that task. Expanded tasks show all replication

> settings and has |ui-task-run|, |ui-edit|, and |ui-delete| buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
settings and have |ui-task-run|, |ui-edit|, and |ui-delete| buttons.
```

either be encrypted during transfer to maximize protection or left
unencrypted to maximize transfer speed. **WARNING:** Transferring data
without encryption is only recommended for secure networks.

A suggested replication :guilabel:`Task Name` is shown. This can be
overwritten, but be sure to enter a unique name for the task. When the
source and destination have been configured, click :guilabel:`NEXT` to
configure when the replication runs.

.. _tasks_replication_wizard_screen2_fig:

.. figure:: images/tasks-replication-add-wizard-step2.png

   Replication Wizard: When

The replication task can be configured to run on a schedule or left
unscheduled and only run when manually activated. Choosing
*Run On a Schedule* adds the :guilabel:`Scheduling` drop-down to choose
from preset schedules or define a *Custom* replication schedule.

:guilabel:`Destination Snapshot Lifetime` determines when replicated
snapshots are deleted from the destination system:

 * *Same as Source*: duplicate the configured *Snapshot Lifetime*
   value from the source dataset
   :ref:`periodic snapshot task <Periodic Snapshot Tasks>`.

 * *Never Delete*: never delete snapshots from the destination system.

>  * *Custom*: define a how long a snapshot remains on the destination

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * *Custom*: define how long a snapshot remains on the destination
```
